Math.round() - JavaScript | MDN Skip to main content Skip to search MDN HTML HTML: Markup language HTML reference Elements Global attributes Attributes See all… HTML guides Responsive images HTML cheatsheet Date & time formats See all… Markup languages SVG MathML XML CSS CSS: Styling language CSS reference Properties Selectors At-rules Values & units See all… CSS guides Box model Animations Flexbox Colors See all… Layout cookbook Column layouts Centering an element Card component See all… JavaScript JS JavaScript: Scripting language JS reference Standard built-in objects Expressions & operators Statements & declarations Functions See all… JS guides Control flow & error handing Loops and iteration Working with objects Using classes See all… Web APIs Web APIs: Programming interfaces Web API reference File system API Fetch API Geolocation API HTML DOM API Push API Service worker API See all… Web API guides Using the Web animation API Using the Fetch API Working with the History API Using the Web speech API Using web workers All All web technology Technologies Accessibility HTTP URI Web extensions WebAssembly WebDriver See all… Topics Media Performance Privacy Security Progressive web apps Learn Learn web development Frontend developer course Getting started Common questions Curriculum Learn HTML Introduction to HTML Getting started with HTML Learn CSS What is CSS Getting started with CSS Learn JavaScript How to use data attributes Add JavaScript to your web page Tools Discover our tools Playground HTTP Observatory Border-image generator Border-radius generator Box-shadow generator Color format converter Color mixer Shape generator About Get to know MDN better About MDN Advertise with us Community MDN on GitHub Blog Toggle sidebar Web JavaScript Reference Standard built-in objects Math round() Theme OS default Light Dark English (US) Remember language Learn more Deutsch English (US) Español Français 日本語 한국어 Português (do Brasil) Русский 中文 (简体) 正體中文 (繁體) Math.round() Baseline Widely available This feature is well established and works across many devices and browser versions. It’s been available across browsers since ⁨July 2015⁩. Learn more See full compatibility Report feedback The Math.round() static method returns the value of a number rounded to the nearest integer. In this article Try it Syntax Description Examples Specifications Browser compatibility See also Try it console.log(Math.round(0.9)); // Expected output: 1 console.log(Math.round(5.95), Math.round(5.5), Math.round(5.05)); // Expected output: 6 6 5 console.log(Math.round(-5.05), Math.round(-5.5), Math.round(-5.95)); // Expected output: -5 -5 -6 Syntax js Math.round(x) Parameters x A number. Return value The value of x rounded to the nearest integer. Description If the fractional portion of the argument is greater than 0.5, the argument is rounded to the integer with the next higher absolute value. If it is less than 0.5, the argument is rounded to the integer with the lower absolute value. If the fractional portion is exactly 0.5, the argument is rounded to the next integer in the direction of +∞. Note: This differs from many languages' round() functions, which often round half-increments away from zero , giving a different result in the case of negative numbers with a fractional part of exactly 0.5. Math.round(x) is not exactly the same as Math.floor(x + 0.5) . When x is -0, or -0.5 ≤ x < 0, Math.round(x) returns -0, while Math.floor(x + 0.5) returns 0. However, neglecting that difference and potential precision errors, Math.round(x) and Math.floor(x + 0.5) are generally equivalent. Because round() is a static method of Math , you always use it as Math.round() , rather than as a method of a Math object you created ( Math has no constructor). Examples Using round js Math.round(-Infinity); // -Infinity Math.round(-20.51); // -21 Math.round(-20.5); // -20 Math.round(-0.1); // -0 Math.round(0); // 0 Math.round(20.49); // 20 Math.round(20.5); // 21 Math.round(42); // 42 Math.round(Infinity); // Infinity Specifications Specification ECMAScript® 2026 Language Specification # sec-math.round Browser compatibility Loading… See also Number.prototype.toPrecision() Number.prototype.toFixed() Math.abs() Math.ceil() Math.floor() Math.sign() Math.trunc() Help improve MDN Was this page helpful to you? Yes No Learn how to contribute This page was last modified on ⁨Jul 10, 2025⁩ by MDN contributors . View this page on GitHub • Report a problem with this content Filter sidebar Standard built-in objects Math Static methods abs() acos() acosh() asin() asinh() atan() atan2() atanh() cbrt() ceil() clz32() cos() cosh() exp() expm1() f16round() floor() fround() hypot() imul() log() log1p() log2() log10() max() min() pow() random() round() sign() sin() sinh() sqrt() sumPrecise() tan() tanh() trunc() Static properties E LN2 LN10 LOG2E LOG10E PI SQRT1_2 SQRT2 Your blueprint for a better internet. MDN About Blog Mozilla careers Advertise with us MDN Plus Product help Contribute MDN Community Community resources Writing guidelines MDN Discord MDN on GitHub Developers Web technologies Learn web development Guides Tutorials Glossary Hacks blog Website Privacy Notice Telemetry Settings Legal Community Participation Guidelines Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation . Portions of this content are ©1998–⁨2025⁩ by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license .